While the original authentic version of this tool will not use your AWS credentials for malicious purposes, it is your responsibility to ensure that the computer or server you install it on is secured.

Use of this tool should be limited only to data that is considered non-sensitive. Users must not use this tool to share, or store any kind of sensitive data under ANY circumstance. Service Screener does not provide any guarantees in terms of security with respect to using this tool. As this tool is licensed under Apache 2.0 License, each user will use it at their own risk. The report generated by this tool shows the vulnerabilities and gaps within the users' AWS environments. Therefore, it is highly recommended to follow security best practices in terms of securing access to the report as well as your AWS environment.

The material embodied in this tool is provided to you "as-is" and without warranty of any kind, express, implied or otherwise, including without limitation, any warranty of security and or fitness for a particular purpose. This tool is hosted and run by users, and is under Apache 2.0 licence. [Security](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/) is the responsibility of each individual user and in no event shall the owners, publishers or contributors be liable to you or anyone else for any direct, special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including without limitation, security incidents, loss of profit, loss of use, savings or revenue, or the claims of third parties, however caused and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the possession, use or performance of this tool. Users must not supply any IAM credentials including Access Keys and Secret Access Keys directly while using this tool.  

Administrators for this service reserve the right to moderate all information used, shared, or stored with this tool at any time. Any user that cannot abide by this disclaimer and Code of Conduct should not use this tool.
The use of this tool implies that the user has consented to their personal data being collected. This data consists of IP Address (e.g. for CloudShell users, this would be the CloudShell IP address), services scanned (name of service only) and regions scanned. This data will not be collected by default, and will only be collected if the user adds a `--feedback 1` attribute when running the tool. 

AWS CloudTrail logs Service Screener activities based on each API request. Each time you run this tool, CloudTrail records the API activity and you can view details about the event in your logs.

Note: The solution is NOT hosted locally. Only the report is downloaded onto the user machine. 
